# Silly Little Files
::alert{type="info"}
📒 This requires you to be able to install Private Networks on a Chromebook, most documentation cannot be translated to other OSs. If you are looking for the PROX tool check it out [here](/setup/acprox).
::
Silly Little Files (not to be confused with the project name) is the documentation for importing files made from **Proton** into **Chromebooks**
If you have gotten Github Pro this will be easier to setup with Firebase.

Once you have made your Firebase Project, make a new Github repo for the project.
Make your repo by forking [SLF](https://github.com/DamianSwanAAJHS2/SillyLittleFiles/tree/main)
Click the
::badge{type="sucess"}
Code
::
button on the repo's main page.
Click `Codespaces` and then `Create codespace on main`
Once in there you can run
  ::terminal
  ---
  content:
  - npm install -g firebase-tools
  - firebase login --no-localhost
  - firebase init
  ---
  ::
  ::alert{type="danger"}
If you get prompted to setup Github Actions here **don't** this will be broken since you are in a codespace! We'll do this manually.
::
Once you have that done, go ahead and run `firebase deploy` and see the result webpage.
::alert{type="info"}
Note, you can setup custom domains in your project settings, or skip the custom domain step altogether
::
Check out the [Production](https://github.com/DamianSwanAAJHS2/SillyLittleFiles/blob/main/.github/workflows/deploy-prod.yml) & [Preview](https://github.com/DamianSwanAAJHS2/SillyLittleFiles/blob/main/.github/workflows/deploy-preview.yml) files in [SLF](https://github.com/DamianSwanAAJHS2/SillyLittleFiles/tree/main) to use as an example for setting up your actions.
Make sure to edit the `projectId` value!
You will also need to add a repository secret in your settings with your service account ID. You can read about getting that [here](https://github.com/FirebaseExtended/action-hosting-deploy/blob/main/docs/service-account.md)

After all this, each time you push or modify something in the repo, it should update in the deployment.

::alert{type="info"}
If this is too hard, you can also use another static site hosting provider :D
::
